README.md, before:

# TFGrid Dashboard

![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/threefoldtech/tfgrid_dashboard)
[![Build](https://github.com/threefoldtech/tfgrid_dashboard/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/threefoldtech/tfgrid_dashboard/actions/workflows/build.yml)
[![Lint](https://github.com/threefoldtech/tfgrid_dashboard/actions/workflows/lint.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/threefoldtech/tfgrid_dashboard/actions/workflows/lint.yaml)
[![Selenium _Tests](https://github.com/threefoldtech/tfgrid_dashboard/actions/workflows/Selenium.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/threefoldtech/tfgrid_dashboard/actions/workflows/Selenium.yaml)
[![Cypress Tests](https://github.com/threefoldtech/tfgrid_dashboard/actions/workflows/Cypress.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/threefoldtech/tfgrid_dashboard/actions/workflows/Cypress.yaml)

## Introduction

The Dashboard is a unified admin interface for everything related to Threefold Grid such as Portal, Explorer, Calculators, Zero-OS Bootstrap & Playground. For more details, check [Dashboard Manual](https://library.threefold.me/info/manual/#/manual__dashboard_readme)

## Getting Started

> For detailed information you can read the [Getting Started](./docs/getting_started.md) documentation.

- **Run Dashboard in Development mode**

```bash
yarn serve
```

- **Run Dashboard in Production mode**

```bash
yarn build
```

This will generate the production build in the `dist` directory, which can be served using [Caddy](https://caddyserver.com/) or [NGINX](https://www.nginx.com/)

## Testing

The main testing tool that is used in Dashboard is [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/).

- [How to run tests](./docs/cypress.md)
- [How to write new tests](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/end-to-end-testing/writing-your-first-end-to-end-test)

## Related Documentations

- [Configure the editor/IDE](./docs/editor_config.md)
- [Contribution Guide](./docs/Contribution.md)
- [Dashboard documentation](https://library.threefold.me/info/manual/#/manual__dashboard_readme)
- [Pipelines documentation](./docs/workflows.md)
- [Release process](./docs/release.md)

Commit message:

Update readme test section
Add selenium instructions and readme

README.md, after:

# TFGrid Dashboard

![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/threefoldtech/tfgrid_dashboard)
[![Build](https://github.com/threefoldtech/tfgrid_dashboard/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/threefoldtech/tfgrid_dashboard/actions/workflows/build.yml)
[![Lint](https://github.com/threefoldtech/tfgrid_dashboard/actions/workflows/lint.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/threefoldtech/tfgrid_dashboard/actions/workflows/lint.yaml)
[![Selenium _Tests](https://github.com/threefoldtech/tfgrid_dashboard/actions/workflows/Selenium.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/threefoldtech/tfgrid_dashboard/actions/workflows/Selenium.yaml)
[![Cypress Tests](https://github.com/threefoldtech/tfgrid_dashboard/actions/workflows/Cypress.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/threefoldtech/tfgrid_dashboard/actions/workflows/Cypress.yaml)

## Introduction

The Dashboard is a unified admin interface for everything related to Threefold Grid such as Portal, Explorer, Calculators, Zero-OS Bootstrap & Playground. For more details, check [Dashboard Manual](https://library.threefold.me/info/manual/#/manual__dashboard_readme)

## Getting Started

> For detailed information you can read the [Getting Started](./docs/getting_started.md) documentation.

- **Run Dashboard in Development mode**

```bash
yarn serve
```

- **Run Dashboard in Production mode**

```bash
yarn build
```

This will generate the production build in the `dist` directory, which can be served using [Caddy](https://caddyserver.com/) or [NGINX](https://www.nginx.com/)

## Testing

The main testing tool that is used in Dashboard is [Selenium](https://www.selenium.dev/) and [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/).

- How to run tests with:
  - [Selenium](./docs/selenium.md)
  - [Cypress](./docs/cypress.md) 
- How to write new tests with:
  - [Selenium](https://www.selenium.dev/documentation/webdriver/getting_started/first_script/)
  - [Cypress(https://docs.cypress.io/guides/end-to-end-testing/writing-your-first-end-to-end-test)

## Related Documentations

- [Configure the editor/IDE](./docs/editor_config.md)
- [Contribution Guide](./docs/Contribution.md)
- [Dashboard documentation](https://library.threefold.me/info/manual/#/manual__dashboard_readme)
- [Pipelines documentation](./docs/workflows.md)
- [Release process](./docs/release.md)
