docs/selenium.md, before:

# Selenium

Install the recommended version of the pip package listed below for a stable run, or you can just use "pip install -r requirements.txt" in frontend_selenium directory.

Prerequisites | version | 
--- | --- |
[Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/) | `3.10.4` |
[pytest](https://pypi.org/project/pytest/) | `7.1.2` |
[requests](https://pypi.org/project/requests/) | `2.28.1` |
[selenium](https://pypi.org/project/selenium/) | `4.4.3` |
[webdriver-manager](https://pypi.org/project/webdriver-manager/) | `3.8.3` |


# Running selenium
## First
- in the root directory run `yarn install & yarn serve --port 3060`
- If the port in serve changes from `3060` for any reason, you should change the variable `port` in `tests/frontend selenium/utils/base.py` to the new value.
## Second
- You need to leave the server running and open new terminal.
- Change direcotry to frontend selenium through the command line using `cd tests/frontend_selenium`
- You can run selenium with pytest through the command line using  `python3 -m pytest`
### More options to run tests
- You can also run single test file through the command line using `python3 -m pytest tests/test_file.py`
- You can also run specific test case through the command line using `python3 -m pytest tests/test_file.py::test_func`

Commit message:

add config file and fix docs

docs/selenium.md, after:

# Selenium

Install the recommended version of the pip package listed below for a stable run, or you can just use "pip install -r requirements.txt" in frontend_selenium directory.

Prerequisites | version | 
--- | --- |
[Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/) | `3.10.4` |
[pytest](https://pypi.org/project/pytest/) | `7.1.2` |
[requests](https://pypi.org/project/requests/) | `2.28.1` |
[selenium](https://pypi.org/project/selenium/) | `4.4.3` |
[webdriver-manager](https://pypi.org/project/webdriver-manager/) | `3.8.3` |


# Running selenium
## First
- in the root directory run `yarn install & yarn serve --port 3060`
- If the port in serve changes from `3060` for any reason, you should change the variable `port` in `tests/frontend selenium/Config.ini` to the new value.
## Second
- You need to leave the server running and open new terminal.
- Change direcotry to frontend selenium through the command line using `cd tests/frontend_selenium`
- You can run selenium with pytest through the command line using  `python3 -m pytest`
### More options to run tests
- You can also run all the tests with more verbose through the command line using `python3 -m pytest -v`
- You can also run all the tests and get an HTML report using [pytest-html](https://pypi.org/project/pytest-html/) package through the command line using `python3 -m pytest --html=report.html`
- You can also run single test file through the command line using `python3 -m pytest tests/test_file.py`
- You can also run specific test case through the command line using `python3 -m pytest tests/test_file.py::test_func` 
- You can also run collection of test cases through the command line using `python3 -m pytest -v -k 'test_func or test_func'`
